hello movie fans and welcome back to
another full movie recap with movie
reveals
in this video we're going to inform and
educate you on the fantastically creepy
third installment of the country called
the devil made me do it in this very
scary movie you watch paranormal
investigators ed and lorraine warren
take on one of the most sensational
cases of their careers
warning
this is a spoiler alert but at least you
will get to know what the movie is about
and whether you want to watch it or not
hope you enjoy it
in the opening scene you see a creepy
looking house in brookfield connecticut
that appears to be the setting of some
sort of demonic possession smashed
windows claw marks on the walls
and things all over the floor
the movie is based on real events and is
set in 1981. demonologists ed and
lorraine
along with the family members of a young
eight-year-old boy called david are
sitting in the living room
also in the room is david's sister
debbie and her boyfriend arne johnson
ed tells the boy's father that the
exorcism has been approved and that they
are just waiting on the priest to arrive
the young boy david is resting in his
bedroom when he suddenly hears a knock
at the door
riddled with fear he runs into the
bathroom and sits in the bathtub as if
to hide it appears he is not alone and
the shower above starts pouring blood
all over him to which he screams
the boy david suddenly goes crazy
as if possessed and lashes out at his
father stabbing him in the leg
the priest arrives and everyone grabs
the boy and despite his unnatural
strength manage to drag him to the table
downstairs to perform the exorcism
during the exorcism lorraine has a
vision of someone watching them and
interfering with the ritual
ed asks her what's wrong but she seems
confused
david starts foaming at the mouth and
contorting his body while taunting them
in a demonic voice he is too powerful
and they struggle to hold him down
afraid for david arnie begs the spirit
to leave him alone and then invites the
demon to enter his body instead
ed witnesses the demon transport itself
from david's body to arnie's while he
suffers from a heart attack and is taken
to a hospital in a comatose state
in the next scene we see arnie going
about his life as normal
he is at the family house and then goes
inside and sees something strange on the
wall
it's a hole and as he bends down to look
inside a thin but very powerful woman
appears behind him chokes him only to
then disappear
from that point onwards arnie starts
feeling a strange presence around him
the following month ed wakes up at the
hospital and reveals to lorraine that he
witnessed the demon enter arnie's body
she calls the police and tries to send
them to the kennel where debbie in
arnie's apartment is and where devi
works
warning them that a tragedy will occur
there
arnie and debbie return to their
apartment
arnie is clearly unwell
bruno the landlord is drunk and in the
mood for partying and debbie is trying
to get on with her work
arnie starts seeing supernatural visions
of bruno transformed into some sort of
creature and in a state of demonic
possession stabs bruno 22 times
we then see arnie walking down the road
with his shirt and hands covered in
blood
a policeman stops and questions him
to which he says he thinks he has done
something wrong
with the support of the warrens his case
becomes the first american murder trial
to claim demonic possession as a defense
resulting in the beginning of an
investigation into david's original
possession
we see a flashback scene of david laying
on a waterbed when suddenly a hand grabs
him from underneath
the warrens later discover a satanic
curse passed on through a witch's totem
which was placed under the house
directly underneath where the waterbed
was
they then meet with castor
a former priest who previously dealt
with the disciples of the ram cult
he tells them that an occultist had
intentionally left the totem resulting
in the creation of a curse on the
glatzels causing the possession of david
he takes them down to his basement which
is filled with similar totems like the
one the warrens found
lorraine said he should burn them but
kastner says he felt it was safer to
keep them locked up
he tells them that the disciples of the
ram follow satan and his demons and were
very powerful and not to be messed with
he then proceeds to tell them that the
totem belongs to a master satanist and
not be taken lightly
in the next scene we see this occultist
conjuring up spells then we see arnie
mopping the floor in the prison hospital
in which he is serving time while he
awaits trial he then starts seeing
demonic visions
and then is restrained by the guards
the warrens traveled to danvers
massachusetts to investigate the death
of katie lincoln who was also stabbed 22
times
detectives had found a totem at the home
of katie's girlfriend jessica who is
missing the lead detective knows of the
warren's reputation but to test them he
asks lorraine to identify the correct
murder weapon he places three knives on
the table and asks her to choose the
right one without hesitation she picks
the correct murder weapon giving the
detective proof that she knows what she
is doing they head to the woods and
lorraine initiates a vision to recreate
the murder
she is able to see what jessica sees and
follows a path in the woods
she discovers that jessica had stabbed
katie under the influence of a demonic
possession
this is before jumping to her death off
a cliff which allows detectives to
recover her body from the lake below
in the next scene
we see debbie on the phone with ed
she is frantic and tells him that the
demon has followed arnie and asking him
to kill himself
ed tells her to call the prison chaplain
and have arnie put on a 24-hour suicide
watch
lorraine tells ed that this demon is not
here of its free will
that it is a curse and someone is
controlling it
but because it is a curse it can be
broken
she tells him that at the exorcism of
david she felt a connection with the
person she thinks is responsible for all
of this she says that if the same person
was responsible for killing jessica then
the connection could still be open the
warrens travel to the funeral home where
her body rests and lorraine touches the
corpses hand to help find the location
of the occultist
lorraine in a vision
travels through a dark tunnel and
witnesses the occultist a woman standing
at an altar attempting to have arnie
kill himself but stops her just in time
we then see ed confronted by a large
corpse of a beastly looking man
this man then starts running towards ed
as if to attack him
he screams at laureen to hurry and break
the connection
just in the nick of time she lets go of
the girl's hand
and the man's corpse drops to the floor
she tells ed that the connection works
both ways and that the occultist knows
who they are
the warrens returned to their house in
connecticut to investigate further
they learn from a book that the curse
can be broken by destroying the altar
from where it was cast they also learned
that the woman casting the curse will
not stop until it is carried through as
her own soul depends upon it lorraine
tries to recall what the place was like
in her vision in an effort to see if
they can locate it so they can destroy
the altar she says it felt like it was
underground
ed briefly loses consciousness and sees
the occultist in a vision she casts a
spell on him into killing lorraine but
drew stops him in time coming to his
senses he starts looking around their
house
he says she was in their house and
continues to search for something that
is when lorraine notices a vase of black
roses
ed breaks the vase and hidden inside is
a totem
drew gives a book of witchcraft to ed
and states that for the curse to be
lifted the altar in which the satanist
woman operates must be destroyed
when they realize katie attended nearby
fairfield university they begin to
assume the occultist is operating in the
area lorraine returns to castner for
help and he reveals that he had raised a
daughter named isla in violation of the
requirement of clerical celibacy in the
catholic church
he tells lorraine that during his
research her fascination for the occult
grew later becoming the occultist
he regrets allowing her to follow this
dark path and not doing something sooner
to stop her she has become far too
powerful now and he is worried what her
obsession will lead to
meanwhile at the prison
barney is laying restrained in bed with
debbie and the chaplain by his side
watching over him the occultist arrives
at castner's home and castor gives
lorraine access to the tunnels so she
can hide
the occultist kills castor by slitting
his throat and because of their
connection lorraine
can see what the occultist sees
this is when she locates the altar
she tries to knock it over but it is too
heavy
we see the occultists slowly approaching
the altar ed soon arrives and hears
lorraine screams
he finds his way into the tunnels
through a locked drain hole by using a
sledgehammer lorraine is running for her
life as she is being pursued by the evil
woman through the dark tunnels in a
dramatic scene she attacks lorraine and
tries to stab a knife into her eye
lorraine somehow manages to resist and
grabs a rock on the floor
and knocks it on the head of the satan
worshiper so she can escape
ed bumps into the occultist and is
briefly possessed by this woman
and she tricks him into trying to kill
lorraine
possessed he starts to chase after
meanwhile the occultist is back at her
altar and continues the curse against
arnie we see him at the prison
undergoing a demonic possession the
chaplain recites verses from the bible
in an effort to stop the possession ed
continues to chase after lorraine
he seems intent on killing her and
lorraine begs him to stop
she retells him of the time they first
met reminding him of their love
back at the prison
arnie is possessed and his body starts
to contort and rises into the air
he holds a large shard of glass in his
hand
and tries to slit his own throat but
debbie grabs onto his hand to stop him
meanwhile back in the tunnel's ed
continues to chase lorraine
swinging the sledgehammer at her
just before he is about to take a
killing blow against her she asks him to
remember her
in a sudden climax
ed regains his consciousness and
destroys the altar saving himself
lorraine and arnie
[Music]
the occultist confronts them both at the
broken altar intent on causing them harm
ed reminds her that she failed to
complete the curse and that the demon
she summoned will take her soul instead
moments later she is killed by the demon
that she had summoned
in the next scenes we see ed place the
cup from the altar in their room of
artifacts along with the vallec painting
and the annabelle doll
we also see arnie who is convicted of
manslaughter but ends up serving only
five years of his sentence after
marrying debbie while in prison
in the final scene we see both ed and
lorraine
ed shows lorraine a replica of the
gazebo they first kissed at and then
they kiss each other
[Music]
the end
make sure to subscribe and turn on
notifications so you can watch more
videos like this
thanks for watching